docs/other/installation.rst, before:

.. highlight:: shell

============
Installation
============


Stable release
--------------

To install DataSafari, run this command in your terminal:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install datasafari

This is the preferred method to install DataSafari, as it will always install the most recent stable release.

If you don't have `pip`_ installed, this `Python installation guide`_ can guide
you through the process.

.. _pip: https://pip.pypa.io
.. _Python installation guide: http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/installation/


From sources
------------

The sources for DataSafari can be downloaded from the `Github repo`_.

You can either clone the public repository:

.. code-block:: console

    $ git clone git://github.com/ETA444/datasafari

Or download the `tarball`_:

.. code-block:: console

    $ curl -OJL https://github.com/ETA444/datasafari/tarball/master

Once you have a copy of the source, you can install it with:

.. code-block:: console

    $ python setup.py install


.. _Github repo: https://github.com/ETA444/datasafari
.. _tarball: https://github.com/ETA444/datasafari/tarball/master

Commit message:

Add poetry-related instructions across docs

docs/other/installation.rst, after:

.. highlight:: shell

============
Installation
============


Stable release
--------------

To install DataSafari, run this command in your terminal:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install datasafari

This is the preferred method to install DataSafari, as it will always install the most recent stable release.

If you don't have `pip`_ installed, this `Python installation guide`_ can guide
you through the process.

.. _pip: https://pip.pypa.io
.. _Python installation guide: http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/installation/


Using Poetry
------------

If you prefer using `Poetry`_ for dependency management, you can add DataSafari to your project with:

.. code-block:: console

    $ poetry add datasafari

If you don't have `Poetry`_ installed, this `Poetry installation guide`_ can guide you through the process.

.. _Poetry: https://python-poetry.org
.. _Poetry installation guide: https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation


From sources
------------

The sources for DataSafari can be downloaded from the `Github repo`_.

You can either clone the public repository:

.. code-block:: console

    $ git clone git://github.com/ETA444/datasafari

Or download the `tarball`_:

.. code-block:: console

    $ curl -OJL https://github.com/ETA444/datasafari/tarball/master

Once you have a copy of the source, you can install it with:

.. code-block:: console

    $ poetry install

Alternatively, if you prefer using `setup.py`, you can still install it with:

.. code-block:: console

    $ python setup.py install


.. _Github repo: https://github.com/ETA444/datasafari
.. _tarball: https://github.com/ETA444/datasafari/tarball/master
