docs/datasafari.transformer.transform_cat.rst, before:

:og:title: transform_cat() - DataSafari Official Docs
:og:description: Transform categorical variables in a DataFrame through a range of encoding options and basic to advanced machine learning-based methods for uniform data cleaning.
:og:image: https://www.datasafari.dev/docs/_static/thumbs/ds-branding-thumb-sub-docs-transformer.png

.. meta::
   :keywords: DataSafari, categorical data transformation, data cleaning, data preprocessing, machine learning, text standardization, category consolidation, encoding schemes, one-hot encoding, ordinal encoding, frequency encoding, target encoding, binary encoding, Levenshtein distance, hierarchical clustering, text similarity, data normalization, categorical data encoding, DataFrame transformation, uniform mapping, advanced data cleaning, categorical variable encoding, manual category mapping, data encoding methods, pandas DataFrame, DataSafari documentation

===============
transform_cat()
===============

.. currentmodule:: datasafari.transformer

.. autofunction:: transform_cat

Commit message:

Enhance docs metadata across multiple modules
- Add author, description, and robots tags to improve SEO.
- Standardize Open Graph metadata usage for better social media sharing visibility.
- Ensure consistency in metadata presentation across all documentation pages, enhancing user experience and discoverability.

docs/datasafari.transformer.transform_cat.rst, after:

:og:title: transform_cat() - DataSafari Official Docs
:og:description: Transform categorical variables in a DataFrame through a range of encoding options and basic to advanced machine learning-based methods for uniform data cleaning.
:og:image: https://www.datasafari.dev/docs/_static/thumbs/ds-branding-thumb-sub-docs-transformer.png

.. meta::
   :description: Transform categorical variables in a DataFrame through a range of encoding options and basic to advanced machine learning-based methods for uniform data cleaning.
   :keywords: DataSafari, categorical data transformation, data cleaning, data preprocessing, machine learning, text standardization, category consolidation, encoding schemes, one-hot encoding, ordinal encoding, frequency encoding, target encoding, binary encoding, Levenshtein distance, hierarchical clustering, text similarity, data normalization, categorical data encoding, DataFrame transformation, uniform mapping, advanced data cleaning, categorical variable encoding, manual category mapping, data encoding methods, pandas DataFrame, DataSafari documentation
   :author: George Dreemer
   :robots: index, follow

===============
transform_cat()
===============

.. currentmodule:: datasafari.transformer

.. autofunction:: transform_cat
